Add Deploy Button to Guides (#1320)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/deploying-nextjs-with-now.mdx

  and <GenericLink href="https://www.npmjs.com/">npm</GenericLink>, the moving into the project directory.
</Caption>

## Step 2: Deploying Your Next.js Project with ZEIT Now

> With your Angular application set up, it is ready to deploy with [Now](/docs/v2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your Next.js app set up, it is ready to deploy with [Now](/docs/v2).
```

> If you have not yet set up an Next.js project using this guide or previously, use the button below to create and deploy your own with Now. Otherwise, keep following to deploy from your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not yet set up a Next.js project using this guide or previously, use the button below to create and deploy your own with Now. Otherwise, keep following to deploy from your terminal.
```
